# CRISIS
Conflict Resolution in Sharing Internet of Things Physical Infrastructure by Using Software Defined Networking

## Motivation
Nowadays, many technologies and electronic devices are connected to the internet. The integration of electronic devices into the Internet network known as the Internet of Things (IoT). IoT typically consists of many Wireless Sensor Networks (WSNs), such as sensors, actuators, software and network connectivity which enable these objects to communicate and exchange the data. Unlike traditional WSNs, where devices are deployed for specific purposes, IoT devices are expected to perform multi tasks and support various applications.

As the number of IoT devices, applications, and different entities/parties who control these devices is expected to increase multifold, managing IoT devices becomes complex and challenging. Consequently, it will increase the maintenance cost and requires a huge investment. However, increasing the number of physical infrastructures does not guarantee these IoT devices will effectively used and thus the resource usage of the sensor node is wasted. To handle these issues, the system needs to act smartly fulfilling different request and requirements within its resource constraints.  The concept of sharing the same IoT physical infrastructure among several IoT devices emerges to tackle these issues. Sharing means that the underlying physical infrastructure simultaneously supports multiple applications belonging to multiple entities/parties. 

Sharing physical is one of the promising techniques to handle aforementioned issues. However, sharing physical infrastructure of IoT presents some challenges, such as potential configuration conflicts and unbalanced resource sharing. For example,  one entity wants to request temperature data in location A with a sampling rate of once every five minutes, while another entity wants also request temperature data in location A but with a different sampling rate. When conflict happens, there is a possibility that some of the packet data will be loss, the users possibly cannot obtain the data correctly, and the system performance can be declined.

